PaloAltoNetworks Device Security (SCM) Content Pack (#44866)
demisto/content: Packs/PaloAltoNetworks_DeviceSecurity/Scripts/device_security_vuln_post_processing/README.md

Resolves the vulnerability incident in the Device Security portal via the API. Designed to run as a post-processing script.

## Script Data

---

| **Name** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |
| Script Type | python3 |
| Tags | device security, post-processing |
| Cortex XSOAR Version | 6.10.0 |

## Inputs

---

> There are no inputs for this script.

Author: I have checked by using  demisto-sdk generate-docs command. It shows the same as is.

> A Device Security vulnerability post processing script to resolve the vulnerability incident in Device Security portal using the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resolves the vulnerability incident in the Device Security portal via the API. Designed to run as a post-processing script.
```

Author: yes, updated it

## Script Data

---

| **Name** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |
| Script Type | python3 |
| Tags | device security, post-processing |
| Cortex XSOAR Version | 5.5.0 |

> This script is executing the 'device-security-resolve-vuln' command to resolve a vulnerability in the Palo Alto Networks Device Security portal during post-processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script executes the 'device-security-resolve-vuln' command to resolve a vulnerability in the Palo Alto Networks Device Security portal during post-processing.
```

Author: yes, updated it

Author: This is removed now with demisto-sdk generate-docs command
